hi guys I want to show you how I make my
rigatoni are for now this is so
delicious
in a skillet with one tablespoon of
extra-virgin olive oil
cook the chorizo about three or four
minutes
when the chorizo is done remove from the
skillet and place on a paper towel the
chorizo is so fatty so through the
excess of fat away and reserve a little
bit cut the mushrooms in a coarse
chopped and set aside
in the meantime cook your pasta
according with the packages instructions
for this recipe I've chosen rigatoni but
you can use painting for fillet whatever
you want
in the same skillet pour the mushrooms
and cook for five minutes
you
after five minutes add the chorizo and
cook together for one minute
you
at this point add the heavy cream and
the tomato sauce
and mix very well
you
at this point season with black pepper
salt and a teaspoon of sugar I always
add a little bit of sugar
when I cook sauce with tomato sauce
after 5 or 7 minutes add the Parmesan
cheese and mix very well
and pour over your pasta transfer
everything in a greased casserole dish
pour over the top the bechamel sauce the
recipe is in the previous upload if you
are interested
a sprinkle with shredded cheese and bake
at 400 degrees for 20 minutes
and here is a delicious rigatoni Al
Forno I hope you like the recipe by